We thank the reviewers for their effort and answer them in reverse
order.

Review 3:
=========

We agree with everything said in this review.


Review 2:
=========

The reviewer suggest to give a better overview of our results in the
introduction and also include a conclusion. We are happy to do so in
the final version of the paper.


Review 1:
=========

The reviewer has several complaints that we all address below.

1) The reviewer thinks that witness nets are not very interesting but
unification nets are, thus the focus in the paper is unbalanced.

We disagree. Witness nets are essential for developping unification
nets. the section on unification nets is so short because it builds on
the theory of witness nets that had to be developped before.

1') witness nets are straightforward extension of usual proof nets.

It only looks that way for you because we did an excellent job
presenting them. It took us hard work to simplify the presentation in
such a way that it looks straightforward. If it was that easy as you
think, then why took it 30 years for someone to come up with the idea?

2) Comparison to multi-focusing.

We are well aware of the work on multi-focusing and its relation to
expansion trees. First, observe that that work is about classical
logic and we are here dealing with linear logic, which is a different
world. And second, we do explain the relation to expansion trees in
section 1.2. Whether we can obtain a notion of focusing which
identifies the same proofs as our proof nets is a question for future
research, and you cannot expect an answer to that in this paper.

3) The reviewer is not happy with the presentation and justifies this
with the following points, that are (except for the last one) all
about the introduction, and that we address below:

- "page 2, cryptic examples": as said in the paragraph above, one
  example is a witness net and the other is a unification net for the
  same conclusion, and as we say in the text, witness nets carry the
  substitution explicitely at the links, and the unification nets
  don't.

- Figure 1: This figure is a running example that we use several times
  in the paper (p.2,p.6, and p.8) it is in the introduction because
  here it is mentioned for the first time. It contains a correct
  witness net (top left) together with a coalescence sequence
  veryfying its correctness, ending with a single link carrying the
  empty substitution (top right). Below is a corresponding sequent
  calculus proofs.

- "page 4, define monomial nets": We did not give the definition in
  this paper (rather we remove the reference to them) because this
  alone would fill another paper (see [6] and [7]) and is not relevant
  for us. We mention them because they are the only known version of
  proof nets of ALL1 so far, and not mentioning them would have made
  another referee complain. The point here is that witness nets (that
  you consider straightforward) are already a considerable improvement
  over monomial nets.

- "... bad way of starting a section": Since when is honesty bad? We
  make a statement about monomial nets that is not really relevant to
  our results but puts them a bit more in perspective.

- "Finally, available space... Rephrase": How should we rephrase a
  statement about the restriction of space in conference papers? We
  could, however, remove the sentence.

- "page 13: ... This seems very important. Please elaborate.": This is
  a factual observation about sequent calculus which is interesting,
  but not very important. The display below the paragraph explains it
  very well, and we don't see what there is to elaborate.
  