We thank the reviewers for their effort.


We agree with everything Reviewer 3 said.


Review 2 suggests a better overview of results in the introduction
and adding a conclusion; we will do so.


Review 1 does not give an evaluation of the paper, and merely
perceives three issues: it (1) asks why the paper does not give more
focus to the more interesting of the two presented notions, (2)
requests a reference be cited, and (3) suggests some aspects
of the presentation could be improved. These are very minor concerns,
and the latter two are easily fixed. It is mysterious to us why the
review would focus on these three marginal points, instead of
discussing the content.


(1a) "Witness proof nets do not very interesting being a rather
     straight-forward extension of usual proof nets. [...] Could you
     please elucidate the conceptual advances of witness nets?"

Witness nets are the first canonical proof nets for first-order
additive linear logic (according to the standard semantics, which
distinguishes proofs with different existential witnesses). The
technical innovations are: (i) to find the right way of recording
witness information to make canonicity possible, which is indeed very
subtle; (ii) give a contractibility-based correctness condition for
efficient parsing; and (iii) give a geometric correctness condition
that is semantically revealing.


(1b) "Unification nets, on the other hand, are more interesting
     involving (for the first-time?) unification in proof
     nets. Unfortunately, the paper focuses much more on Witness nets,
     instead of the Unification nets."

Unification nets are fully described in the paper. The technical
development proceeds naturally via witness nets, which therefore
receive more focus.


(2) "Comparison with related work and in particular with the paper 'A
    Multi-Focused Proof System Isomorphic to Expansion Proofs' is
    missing."

This paper is not immediately relevant. It presents a sequent-calculus
version of expansion proofs, for first-order *classical* logic, to
which we do compare our work. But we can add a reference.


(3) "Poor presentation: The presentation of the paper lacks better
    explanations of figure, contains some dubious statements, etc."

We are confused why the very few (six, to be precise) detailed
comments, that are mostly about the introduction, would amount to
"poor presentation". We discuss them below.


(3a) "page 2: Respective examples are below -> rather cryptic
     examples. Please add explanations of why they are useful in
     anyway;

This example, comparing witness nets and unification nets, was chosen
to be small but comprehensive. We can add further explanations to the
final version.


(3b) "Figure 1 -> I am not sure how to interpret this figure. Please
     add more explanations!"

For the same example, we show a coalescence sequence verifying
correctness and a a sequent calculus proof (see pp.2,6,8 in the
paper).


(3c) "page 4: monomial nets and weights -> please define!"

Monomial nets are in the literature, as referenced, and are not the
subject of our paper.


(3d) "We believe (though have not technically verified) ... to the
     following approach. -> Rather bad way of starting a section."

We can move this conjecture to the end of the subsection.


(3e) "available space does not permit a ... a journal version ->
     Please rephrase."

This seems a reasonable sentence to write in a conference paper.


(3f) "page 13: Unlike for proof nets, this notion ... from their
     respective subproofs -> This seems very important. Please
     elaborate."

This concerns an interesting observation about sequent calculus: the
idea of "generality" for witnessing terms, which works well for proof
nets, does not behave well under the permutations of sequent
proofs. It is not important to the technical development of our paper,
but we could expand on it.
